we at floor have created a work
environment that values your well-being
the well-being of all our employees
clients and our surrounding community we
have a well-established and proud legacy
of safety superiority in the marketplace
the video which you're about to see is
vitally important it demonstrates the
precautionary measures necessary to
maintain floors commitment to our zero
incident culture we value your
participation and look forward to
embrace HSE with your support we
encourage you to report any unsafe
conditions hazards or incidents you
notice during your stay in the office
our interior office is located at the
third floor eat meat sixth floor 8c 11th
floor 10 B and 10th floor 10 seal the
office building standard jacent to a
number of buildings in the nearby area
to ascertain your safe stay we recommend
you to follow certain do's and don'ts
the standard office timing is between 8
a.m. and 5:30 p.m. with 1 our or
flexible time Inc please contact your
host should there be a need to work
beyond the standard office timings or on
Sundays or public holidays
before you enter the office premises
please register itself at the reception
the temporary visitors card will be
issued to you there are designated
wardens on each floor of the office
building to seek assistance look out for
the assignments office in building 8b is
divided into two zones which have five
fire exits office in building 8c is also
divided into two zones with five fire
exits office in building 10 B has two
zones with a total of three fire exits
office in building 10 C also has two
zones with six fire exits
there are washrooms for women and men in
each zone of the building the washrooms
can be accessed by the sides at any time
during your stay if you feel unwell
there are over a hundred certified
personnel to provide your first aid in
floor to reach out to the nearest first
aid personnel look out for the signboard
in case of a fire alarm please follow
the fire exit signs and listen carefully
to the instructions of the floor warden
and on the public address system for
safe evacuation please use the nearest
and safe exit route the exit signs help
you identify the nearest passage out
your host will assist you to evacuate
safely fire extinguishers are kept at
various locations on the office floor in
case of an emergency please contact your
host or the floor warden you're advised
to follow the nearest passage out the
fire exit signs will help you reach the
exit door
all the attached fire exits lead to a
common assembly area outside the
building 10 C please dial 9 from your
desk phone in an emergency for
assistance do keep the emergency phone
numbers handy
we take great pride in our HSC culture
here as your ownership of our program
will play a critical role in our
continuing success preventing incidents
is our primary objective through
proactive participation in floors HSE
program we can all look forward to
reaping the benefits of a safe and
healthy working environment and leaving
a sustainable legacy thank you for your
attention
welcome to Flo
you